Add an Export locality to hints (#11812)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/tactics.rst

.. cmd:: Hint @hint_definition : {+ @ident}

   The general command to add a hint to some databases :n:`{+ @ident}`.

   This command supports the :attr:`local`, :attr:`global` and :attr:`export`
   locality attributes. When no locality is explictly given, the
   command is :attr:`local` inside a section and :attr:`global` otherwise.

>    + :attr:`local` hints are never visible from other modules, even if they

Author: The doc failure seems to be due to the missing definition of the attribute `export`, instead.

     require or import the current module. Inside a section, the flag Local is

>      useless since hints do not survive anyway to the closure of sections.

Author: Backwards compat maybe... We should at least deprecate them at some point.

.. cmd:: Hint @hint_definition : {+ @ident}

   The general command to add a hint to some databases :n:`{+ @ident}`.

   This command supports the :attr:`local`, :attr:`global` and :attr:`export`
   locality attributes. When no locality is explictly given, the
   command is :attr:`local` inside a section and :attr:`global` otherwise.

   + :attr:`local` hints are never visible from other modules, even if they
     require or import the current module. Inside a section, the :attr:`local`
     attribute is useless since hints do not survive anyway to the closure of
     sections.

   + :attr:`export` are visible from other modules when they import the current
     module. Requiring it is not enough. This attribute is only effective for

>      the :n:`Resolve`, :n:`Immediate`, :n:`Unfold` and :n:`Extern` variants of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     the :cmd:`Hint Resolve`, :cmd:`Hint Immediate`, :cmd:`Hint Unfold` and :cmd:`Hint Extern` variants of
```

Author: Done.

      .. deprecated:: 8.10

>     .. cmdv:: Local Hint @hint_definition : {+ @ident}

Reviewer: Or maybe it is this additional space and the one below.

Anyway, I suggest that you remove entirely this command variant and its description.
